[CI:DOCS]Update networking tutorial for netavark (#13280)
containers/podman: docs/tutorials/basic_networking.md

It seems once people master the basics of containers, networking is one of the first

> aspects they begin experimenting with.  And in regard to networking, it takes very

Reviewer: Soft suggestion

```suggestion
aspects they begin experimenting with.  And regarding networking, it takes very
```

One of the guiding factors on networking for containers with Podman is going to be
whether or not the container is run by a root user or not.  This is because unprivileged
users cannot create networking interfaces on the host.  Therefore, with rootfull
containers, the default networking mode is to use netavark

> and specifically the bridge plugin.  For rootless, the default network

Reviewer 2: There is no bridge plugin for netvark.

Bridge networking is the default for Podman containers created as root. Podman provides
a default bridge network, but you can create others using the `podman network create`
command. Containers can be joined to a network when they are created with the
`--network` flag, or after they are created via the `podman network connect` and
`podman network disconnect` commands.

As mentioned earlier, slirp4netns is the default network configuration for rootless
users.  But as of Podman version 4.0, rootless users can also use netavark.
The user experience of rootless netavark is very akin to a rootfull netavark, except that
there is no default network configuration provided.  You simply need to create a

> network, and the one will be created as a bridge network.

Reviewer: Should you talk about the configuration options ion containers.conf and how to reset everything if needed?

```
$ podman network create
```

When rootless containers are run with a netavark networking configuration, netavark operations
will be executed inside an extra network namespace. To join this namespace, use

> `podman unshare --rootless-cni`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`podman unshare --rootless-netns`.
```
The flag was renamed

#### Example

> By default, rootfull containers use the netavark bridge plugin for its default configuration if

Reviewer 2: same here no bridge plugin

00f3440c7576aae2d5b193c40513c29c7964e96bf797cf0cc352c2b68ccbe66a
```

> As mentioned earlier, for rootless containers using netavark, a network must first be

Reviewer 2: No longer true, rootless also has a default bridge but you have to use `--network bridge` to use it because slirp4netns is default.
